content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Han Zhang

# Name pronunciation (optional)
# name_pronunciation: Chien Shiung Wu

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Han
last_name: Zhang

# Status emoji
# status:
#   icon: ☕️

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Assistant Research Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute
    url: https://umtri.umich.edu/

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:hanzh@umich.edu'
    label: E-mail Me
  # - icon: brands/x
  #   url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  # - icon: brands/instagram
  #   url: https://www.instagram.com/
  - icon: academicons/google-scholar
    url: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ujW-lXkAAAAJ&hl=en
  - icon: academicons/orcid
    url: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6087-0428
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/HanZhang-psych
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/han-zhang-1060a2b2/

interests:
  - Attention
  - Cognitive Control
  - Distraction
  - Driver Behavior

education:
  - area: Ph.D. in Education and Psychology
    institution: University of Michigan
    date_start: 2014-09-01
    date_end: 2020-05-01
    summary: |
      Dissertation on _how eye movements reveal cognitive processing during mind-wandering_. 
    button:
      text: 'Read Dissertation'
      url: 'https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/handle/2027.42/155215'
  - area: B.S. in Psychology
    institution: Beijing Normal University
    date_start: 2010-09-01
    date_end: 2014-07-01

work:
  - position: Assistant Research Scientist
    company_name: University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute
    company_url: 'https://umtri.umich.edu/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2025-06-15
    date_end: ''
    # summary: |2-
    #   Responsibilities include:
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
  - position: Postdoctoral Research Fellow
    company_name: Department of Psychology, University of Michigan
    company_url: 'https://lsa.umich.edu/psych/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2020-06-28
    date_end: 2025-06-14
    # summary: |
    #   Responsibilities include:
    #   - Migrated infrastructure to a new data center
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: ''
    items:
      - name: Python
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: devicon/python
      - name: R
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: devicon/r
      - name: Statistical Analysis
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/chart-bar
  - name: ''
    items:
      - name: Eye-tracking
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/eye
      - name: Experimental Design
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/adjustments-horizontal
      - name: Academic Writing
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/pencil-square
#   - name: Hobbies
#     color: '#eeac02'
#     color_border: '#f0bf23'
#     items:
#       - name: Hiking
#         description: ''
#         percent: 60
#         icon: person-simple-walk
#       - name: Cats
#         description: ''
#         percent: 100
#         icon: cat
#       - name: Photography
#         description: ''
#         percent: 80
#         icon: camera

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 100
  - name: Chinese
    percent: 100

# # Awards.
# #   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
# #   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
# #   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
# awards:
#   - title: Neural Networks and Deep Learning
#     url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/neural-networks-deep-learning
#     date: '2023-11-25'
#     awarder: Coursera
#     icon: coursera
#     summary: |
#       I studied the foundational concept of neural networks and deep learning. By the end, I was familiar with the significant technological trends driving the rise of deep learning; build, train, and apply fully connected deep neural networks; implement efficient (vectorized) neural networks; identify key parameters in a neural network’s architecture; and apply deep learning to your own applications.
#   - title: Blockchain Fundamentals
#     url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
#     date: '2023-07-01'
#     awarder: edX
#     icon: edx
#     summary: |
#       Learned:
#       - Synthesize your own blockchain solutions
#       - Gain an in-depth understanding of the specific mechanics of Bitcoin
#       - Understand Bitcoin’s real-life applications and learn how to attack and destroy Bitcoin, Ethereum, smart contracts and Dapps, and alternatives to Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm
#   - title: 'Object-Oriented Programming in R'
#     url: https://www.datacamp.com/courses/object-oriented-programming-with-s3-and-r6-in-r
#     certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
#     date: '2023-01-21'
#     awarder: datacamp
#     icon: datacamp
#     summary: |
#       Object-oriented programming (OOP) lets you specify relationships between functions and the objects that they can act on, helping you manage complexity in your code. This is an intermediate level course, providing an introduction to OOP, using the S3 and R6 systems. S3 is a great day-to-day R programming tool that simplifies some of the functions that you write. R6 is especially useful for industry-specific analyses, working with web APIs, and building GUIs.
---

## About Me

I am a cognitive psychologist working in the transportation domain. I have extensive experience investigating cognitive processes relevant to driving behavior, including visual perception, attention, and cognitive control. I have examined these issues in young and older adults as well as individuals with ADHD. My goal is to translate basic understandings about human cognition into practical solutions for improving driving safety.

Commit message:

Refactor experience and awards sections in experience.md and _index.md; rename blocks for clarity and update awards entry with new project details.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Han Zhang

# Name pronunciation (optional)
# name_pronunciation: Chien Shiung Wu

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Han
last_name: Zhang

# Status emoji
# status:
#   icon: ☕️

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: Assistant Research Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute
    url: https://umtri.umich.edu/

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:hanzh@umich.edu'
    label: E-mail Me
  # - icon: brands/x
  #   url: https://twitter.com/GetResearchDev
  # - icon: brands/instagram
  #   url: https://www.instagram.com/
  - icon: academicons/google-scholar
    url: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=ujW-lXkAAAAJ&hl=en
  - icon: academicons/orcid
    url: https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6087-0428
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/HanZhang-psych
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/han-zhang-1060a2b2/

interests:
  - Attention
  - Cognitive Control
  - Distraction
  - Driver Behavior

education:
  - area: Ph.D. in Education and Psychology
    institution: University of Michigan
    date_start: 2014-09-01
    date_end: 2020-05-01
    summary: |
      Dissertation on _how eye movements reveal cognitive processing during mind-wandering_. 
    button:
      text: 'Read Dissertation'
      url: 'https://deepblue.lib.umich.edu/handle/2027.42/155215'
  - area: B.S. in Psychology
    institution: Beijing Normal University
    date_start: 2010-09-01
    date_end: 2014-07-01

work:
  - position: Assistant Research Scientist
    company_name: University of Michigan Transportation Research Institute
    company_url: 'https://umtri.umich.edu/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2025-06-15
    date_end: ''
    # summary: |2-
    #   Responsibilities include:
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
  - position: Postdoctoral Research Fellow
    company_name: Department of Psychology, University of Michigan
    company_url: 'https://lsa.umich.edu/psych/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2020-06-28
    date_end: 2025-06-14
    # summary: |
    #   Responsibilities include:
    #   - Migrated infrastructure to a new data center
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit
    #   - lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: ''
    items:
      - name: Python
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: devicon/python
      - name: R
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: devicon/r
      - name: Statistical Analysis
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/chart-bar
  - name: ''
    items:
      - name: Eye-tracking
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/eye
      - name: Experimental Design
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/adjustments-horizontal
      - name: Academic Writing
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: hero/pencil-square
#   - name: Hobbies
#     color: '#eeac02'
#     color_border: '#f0bf23'
#     items:
#       - name: Hiking
#         description: ''
#         percent: 60
#         icon: person-simple-walk
#       - name: Cats
#         description: ''
#         percent: 100
#         icon: cat
#       - name: Photography
#         description: ''
#         percent: 80
#         icon: camera

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 100
  - name: Chinese
    percent: 100

# Awards.
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
awards:
  - title: Understanding Takeover Performance in Urgent Situations during Level‑3 Driving
    #url: https://www.coursera.org/learn/neural-networks-deep-learning
    date: '2025'
    awarder: UMTRI & Mcity Integration Fund, University of Michigan
    role: PI
    icon: hero/academic-cap
    summary: |
      This project seeks to combine eye movements, body positions, and cognitive assessments to develop a driver re-engagebility score that can predict driver's ability to take over vehicle control during urgent situations in level-3 autonomous driving. 
#   - title: Blockchain Fundamentals
#     url: https://www.edx.org/professional-certificate/uc-berkeleyx-blockchain-fundamentals
#     date: '2023-07-01'
#     awarder: edX
#     icon: edx
#     summary: |
#       Learned:
#       - Synthesize your own blockchain solutions
#       - Gain an in-depth understanding of the specific mechanics of Bitcoin
#       - Understand Bitcoin’s real-life applications and learn how to attack and destroy Bitcoin, Ethereum, smart contracts and Dapps, and alternatives to Bitcoin’s Proof-of-Work consensus algorithm
#   - title: 'Object-Oriented Programming in R'
#     url: https://www.datacamp.com/courses/object-oriented-programming-with-s3-and-r6-in-r
#     certificate_url: https://www.datacamp.com
#     date: '2023-01-21'
#     awarder: datacamp
#     icon: datacamp
#     summary: |
#       Object-oriented programming (OOP) lets you specify relationships between functions and the objects that they can act on, helping you manage complexity in your code. This is an intermediate level course, providing an introduction to OOP, using the S3 and R6 systems. S3 is a great day-to-day R programming tool that simplifies some of the functions that you write. R6 is especially useful for industry-specific analyses, working with web APIs, and building GUIs.
---

## About Me

I am a cognitive psychologist working in the transportation domain. I have extensive experience investigating cognitive processes relevant to driving behavior, including visual perception, attention, and cognitive control. I have examined these issues in young and older adults as well as individuals with ADHD. My goal is to translate basic understandings about human cognition into practical solutions for improving driving safety.
